Update api doc for enabling TcpStore on Windows (#51847)
pytorch/pytorch: docs/source/distributed.rst

installed.)

> .. warning ::

Reviewer: Should we change warning to note here, as we have a backend parity between Windows and Linux?

Author: Sure, just resolved.

>     As of PyTorch v1.8, Windows support for the distributed package covers collective
>     communications with Gloo backend, `FileStore`, `Tcp Store`and `DistributedDataParallel`.
>     Therefore, the `init_method` argument in :func:`init_process_group` can point to a file.
>     This works for both local and shared file systems:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    As of PyTorch v1.8, Windows supports all collective communications backend but NCCL,
    If  the `init_method` argument of :func:`init_process_group` points to a file it must adhere
    to the following schema:
```
